Vital Reocrds of Records of Andover Massachusetts to the end of year 1849. 

Volume I -- Births

Published by the Topsfield Historical Society, Topsfield, Mass, 1912. 

Seal: Town of ANdover, Massachusetts Andover Massachusetts, Incorporated May 6, 1646. 

Newcomb & Gauss
Printers
Salem, Massachusetts

Explanations -- The following records of births, marriages, and deaths include all entries to be found in the books of record kept by the town clerks in the church records in the returns made to the Salem Quarterly courtt in the cemetery inscriptions and in private records found in family Bibles, etc. These records rae are printed in a condensed form in which ever y ess every essential particular has been preserved. All duplication of the town clerks' record has been eliminated, differences in entry and other explanatory matter appear in brackets. Parentheses are used when the they occu occur in the origiinal record also to indidcate the maiden name of a married woman.

When places other than Andover and Massachsuetts are named in the original records, thet are tehy are given in the printed copy. Marraiges marriages and intentions of marriage are printed under the names of both parties. Double dating is using used in the months of January, February, and Marych, prior to 1752, whenever he, she, they, or it appears in the original and also whenever from the sequence of entry in the original the date may be easily determined. In all records the original spelling of names is followed and in the alphabetical arrangement the various forms should be examined, as items about the same family may be found under different spelings.

The register of deaths
in the South Parish, between 1710 and 1771, referred to in the Historical Manual of the South Chuch published in 189, has not been found.

The town clerk's records, Book II, 1701-1800, are badly worn, and portions of the man of many of the entries in the first hundred pages are missing, thus accounting for the frequent use of the word torn adn the and the dash. 

The gravestone records are from copies of gravestones made in October, 1864, by ALfred Poor, M. D., and now in possession of the Essex Institute. 
